Okay, let's work through
these solutions to 4a and 4b.
So for 4a,
I'm going to create an exercise 4a file
in the code directory of Section four.
I will go ahead and set up the template.
The first task is to create a function
called average that takes three explicit
arguments, each of which are floats.
So above main,
I will create, Func average.
It's gonna take three numbers,
so I'm gonna call them num1,
num2, and num3, all of which are integers.
And you'll notice that the pattern
I've been using is that
if all three of the arguments
have the same type,
I can add that type to the end of
the internal argument parentheses.
I don't have to explicitly say
that each of these are ints.
So I'm gonna take those out and just
leave that int at the end of the file.
And as I'm saying that out loud, I realize
that they are all supposed to be floats.
So we're gonna go ahead and
change that to float64 type instead.
And it also said that the function should
return the average of the three arguments,
which is also a float.
Which means that our function
signature needs to indicate that we
are returning a float64 before
we execute any code internally.
So for this guy,
the approach I'm gonna take is I'm
gonna set a variable called total and
set that equal
to the three arguments that I have here,
num1 + num2 + num3.
And then I wanna return that total divided
by 3 to get the average, Of our numbers.
And then in main we just need to
remember to call that function and
pass it a few numbers.
So let's do like, 10, 5, 7.
And then I will wrap this in a Println,
just so
we can see what we're getting back.
Save the file and then in my terminal,
I'll go run a section 4
code exercise_4a.go,
and I've got 7.333333.
So that completes 4a,
let's switch over to 4b.
So in 4b, we're gonna re-factor
the code to use a variadic,
that takes an unknown number of arguments.
So I'm just gonna stay in
my exercise 4a.go file.
I'm going to copy this and
then comment it out.
So when the solution gets pushed up later,
you have both examples if you want them.
But instead of explicitly
passing in three numbers,
I'm going to change
this to say numbers and
then indicate that there is an unknown set
of float64 is coming into this function.
I still wanna return that same average,
which is gonna be a float64.
But instead of being able to explicitly
add together the three numbers,
We are going to have to do
some stuff differently.
So for this guy, we're gonna circle back
to our for loop with the range keyword.
So far I know I'm not
gonna be using the index,
I'll give it that underscore
each individual number.
Assign that to a value of our
range keyword and the collection
we're iterating over which is numbers,
or whatever we wanna do inside that.
And then in here, I know I wanna
take each of those numbers and
add it to some sort of total.
And so up here, I'm going to set
a initial value of my total to 0.
And then within my function here, I want
to add each number to that total variable.
Once my collection has been iterated over,
I'm going to return total
divided by the length of the numbers
collection that we're starting with.
If we run the code as is,
we're gonna run into a few errors.
And the first one we see says,
invalid operation total + equal number,
mismatch types int and float.
So we're looking at line
15 of our code here.
On line 15,
we're trying to add the variable total,
which is an int with the variable number.
And if number,
we have a variadic function here,
it's telling me that every number that
I'm working with here is a float64.
But total is defined on line 13.
And total is defined as an integer.
Because we're doing the mathematics and
we're in go, we need to make sure that
both of the size of the mathematical
equation are of the same type.
So to fix that,
I can simply change this to a float.
So go has an equal type on both sides.
So I'll save that and
I'll rerun the program.
It's now we're seeing a second error.
Invalid operation total divided by len
numbers mismatch types float64 and
int, and
now we're looking at our go code line 17.
So on line 17 of our code,
you see that I'm dividing the total,
which is a float with whatever
is returned from len of numbers.
And so the len function in go
is gonna return an integer.
So now we're once again trying to divide
a float because we modified this to be
a float on line 13 with len numbers,
which is an integer.
So to fix this,
we can simply use our type conversion and
change len numbers to be a float64.
So if I run this code, we now get back
to our 7.33333 result, which is the same
result we had when we had implicitly
passed in our num1, num2, and num3.